Please answer the below core-java Questions:

What is programing language?
A. It is vacabulary set of gramitical rules for instructing a computer of computing device to perform specific tasks.

What jdk contains or composed of and define each components?
A.JDK contain JVM and JRE
JVM is Java Virtual Machine is use to excute the program
JRE is Java run time environement is simply run java program

What is IDE?
A.Integrated Development Envirenment

What are the IDEs available in the market to support java?
A.Eclipse,Intellij,Net Beans,Microsoft Visual Studio

Explain the entire java life cycle.
Source code is written then you compile.
Compiler call javac compiler, all these java source code produce byte code and then those
 byte codes can load to JVM by using Java Loader in JVM (Java Virtual Machine) it has
 two steps it verify byte codes and just intime operator it interpretes then it goes to
 operating system. This is the life cycle of Java.
 When we write codes in note pad or sublime we see step by step process, but if you writes codes in
 Eclipse or Intellij ,IDE process above steps  when we hit the run button we get the output.
what is class?
Blue print of an Object.

What is object?
What is the entry point of an application?
main method
Why main is static?

Which class is the superclass of all classes?
Object Class
What is difference between path and classpath variables?
What is the difference between an Interface and Abstract class?
Can you make an Object from an Interface and Abstract class ? if not how do you use it ?
what is Access Specifier?
What is OOP ? Define each feature of java OOP.

What is Java Package and which package is imported by default?
What is API? Name list of API that you have used so far.
Does java support multiple inheritance, explain why or why not?
What is method overloading and when it happens?
Explain exceptions in java and how to handle it.
What is static keyword in java? How it has been used in variables and methods ?
What is final and how it has been used variables and methods?
What is final, finally and finalize?
What is a constructor ?
Can we have multiple constructors in a class?
If we don't have a constructor declared, what is called during the object creation?
What is "this" keyword in java ?
What is "super" keyword in java? How many possible way can you use?
What is JVM stand for ?
Java Virtual Machine
Is JVM platform independent?
What version of java are you using?
What is JAR stand for ?
What is the difference between JDK and JVM?
What is the difference between JVM and JRE?
What is compile time and run time?
What is heap?
How java manage it's memory?
What is the difference between String, StringBuffer and StringBuilder?
What is Singleton class?
What is Serialization and Deserialization?
when to use transient variable in java?
Difference between while and do..while loop?
What is Enum?
What is Iterator?
Which one will take more memory, an int or Integer?
Why is String Immutable in Java?
What is constructor chaining in Java?
The difference between Serial and Parallel Garbage Collector?
What is JIT stands for?
Explain Java Heap space and Garbage collection?
Can you guarantee the garbage collection process?
What is the difference between stack and heap in Java?
What is reflection in java and why is it useful?
what is multithreading in java?
What is the use of synchronization in Java?
What is Framework?
What are the testing Framework available in java?
Difference between jUnit and testNG?
What are the dependencies for this project?
what is dependency injection in java?
What is static binding and dynamic binding?









